README 

Our system aims to assist you in creating a conference in detail, where you can create events with specific event type, room setup, and attendees. To choose an option in the menu, please enter the associated letter or number located in a parentheses after the specific option and press enter. If you would like to cancel an action, enter back when the system prompts the “back” option, or enter an invalid input for a “rough” cancellation. To go back to a larger menu in a sub-menu, enter the associated number after the option named as XXX menu that will be displayed at the end of the sub-menu. However, when you finish an action, the system will automatically lead you back to a larger menu. Once you are done, if you would like to save all data you just added, please make sure you sign out with “S” and then choose to close the program “C”. If you simply stop the program with “Stop main” in intelliJ, there is no guarantee that any previous data will be stored. 

We have prepared a default organizer account for you to start creating other organizers, speakers, events, rooms, etc.. 
Username: admin
Password: prime
To create attendees accounts, enter “N” at the initial menu. The system will ask for a username and password, note, the username must contain more than 5 characters, unique, and special symbols/characters are allowed. You can also achieve this by logging in as an organizer >> at the main menu, enter “A” for account menu >> enter “3” for creating attendees account >> enter username >> enter password. Once successfully created, the system will print “Success!” and depend on which path you took to create the account, our system will present the previous menu page. 
To create speaker or organizer accounts, please log in as an organizer >> enter “A” for account menu >> enter “1” for organizer account or “2” for speaker account >> enter username >> enter password. Once successfully created, the system will print “Success!” and present the account menu. 
You can only create one account at a time, so please repeat the process for more accounts. And if the username you entered has been taken or is invalid, the system will display an error message saying the username has been taken or is invalid after you enter the password and press enter. The system will lead you back to the previous menu page to start again. 

To create an event, you will need at least one available speaker on your event date and a room that satisfies your event’s room setup requirements. When you create your event, you will be asked about requirements for the room, and the system will only list out the valid rooms, not all rooms, thus make sure your setups and requirements are consistent if you only have limited rooms created beforehand. 
Create a room by login in as an organizer. At main menu, enter “E” for event menu>> enter “3” to add room >> enter desired room number that consists only of integers >> enter an integer to set up room capacity >> enter “1” or “2” to choose if your room has only chairs or also tables >> enter “1” or “2” to indicate if your room will be equipped with projector/screen. Your room is created if the system says “Successfully Added!” and displays the event menu again. 
Enter “2” to create an event >> enter event name >> decide if the event is a VIP event >> enter the start date of the event (please follow the given template for date) >> enter the end date of the event (please follow the given template for date) >> choose your seating requirements >> choose if you require projector/screen >> enter the room number you like in the listed valid rooms >> enter the capacity for your event, which must be less or equal to the capacity of room >> enter speaker one at a time if you have multiple, and enter end to finish. Your event will be successfully added if the system says “Successfully Added!”

Our system also provides a messaging function. Enter “M” in the main menu to see the message menu. If you log in as an attendee, you can send messages to other attendees, speakers, and organizers. Before sending a message, you will have to add the receiver of the message to your contact. Note that this will not add yourself to the receivers contact list. All the available functions are listed in the message menu. To look at individual messages, you can select it in Preview messages(1) or View archived messages(6) if you have archived it. And by selecting the message you would like to manipulate, you will see a more specific menu to this individual message, that would include replying, marking unread, deleting and archiving this message. Messaging system is also available to organizers and speakers of the event. As an organizer, you will be able to send messages to all speakers and attendees at once. You will not have to add a certain user to contact to send messages to him/her. As a speaker, you can send a message to an individual attendee of you events, or to all attendees of your events. All other functions for attendees still apply to organizers and speakers.
 
FAQ:

I found that I entered the username wrong and I am at the entering password step when trying to log in, how can I cancel? 
You can’t cancel at this step, but you can enter anything and the system will tell you that your password or username is wrong and will ask you to try again. 
What if I don’t have a speaker or room ready when I am creating an event?
Unfortunately, you will need to cancel the entire process, and go back to create a room. Once this is ready, you can proceed to create an event again. With speakers, we do allow no speaker events so you are able to create an event without creating a speaker, however if you want to make an event with a particular speaker, you must first create the speaker account
What if I want to remove a room but that room has been assigned an event?
You won’t be able to remove the room if that room is being used. You will need to cancel the event before you remove the room.